readme.md, before:

# Gelacio Azael Fernandez Aldava *Landing Page*
> My personal landing page v2

## TODO

1. [DONE] Testing everything and check if works well.

2. [DONE] Repair everything tested.

3. [DONE] Add new Layout.
    3.1. [DONE] Create new *white* header.
    3.2. [DONE] Create new Content layout.
    3.3. [DONE] Create new Footer. > see others created footer and create something like that.
    3.4. [STAND-BY] Check how is the right way to toggle to white and dark theme.
4. [DONE] Add nessesary meta tags in html.
5. [STAND-BY] Add i18n.
6. [DONE] Add News Blog (coming soon) label.
7. [DOING] Create spanish and english blog about serverless function.
8. [TODO] ADD PIN POST ABOUT ME, WHAT CAN I DO(EXPERTISE) AND MY INSPIRATIONS.
    - ADD AUTHOR'S NAME.
Created by Galfan @ 2020

+ Check those websites and watch what can i do about it, talk about my inspiration to create this site and what gonna be in the future, open mind, open learning, start with post in spanish and english as well.

- Add projects with short description, font size is important, color and weight in text check very well how this works in these websites. add little transitions and add coming soon to the projects wich is not done yet and posts tab.

- Redirect button to another page.

- Create footer expandable

### LOADING CHROME
- 28 REQUEST
- 506KB TRANSFERRED 
- 881 KB RESOURCES
- FINISH: 2,90 S
- DOMCONTENTLOADED: 1.31 S
- LOAD: 1.64S

### LOADING FIREFOX
- 17 REQUEST
- 912.27 KB TRANSFERRED 
- 832.45 KB RESOURCES
- FINISH: 7.18 S
- DOMCONTENTLOADED: 1.44MS
- LOAD: 1.88S

Commit message:

Updating new info in readme about the landing page.

readme.md, after:

# Gelacio Azael Fernandez Aldava *Landing Page*
> My personal landing page v2

## TODO

1. [DONE] Testing everything and check if works well.

2. [DONE] Repair everything tested.

3. [DONE] Add new Layout.
    3.1. [DONE] Create new *white* header.
    3.2. [DONE] Create new Content layout.
    3.3. [DONE] Create new Footer. > see others created footer and create something like that.
    3.4. [STAND-BY] Check how is the right way to toggle to white and dark theme.
4. [DONE] Add nessesary meta tags in html.
5. [STAND-BY] Add i18n.
6. [DONE] Add News Blog label.
7. [DOING] Create spanish and english blog about serverless function.
8. [TODO] ADD PIN POST ABOUT ME, WHAT CAN I DO(EXPERTISE) AND MY INSPIRATIONS.
    - ADD AUTHOR'S NAME.
Created by Galfan @ 2020

+ Check those websites and watch what can i do about it, talk about my inspiration to create this site and what gonna be in the future, open mind, open learning, start with post in spanish and english as well.

- [DONE] Add projects with short description, font size is important, color and weight in text check very well how this works in these websites. add little transitions and add to the projects wich is not done yet and posts tab.

- [DONE] Create footer expandable

### LOADING CHROME
- 28 REQUEST
- 506KB TRANSFERRED 
- 881 KB RESOURCES
- FINISH: 2,90 S
- DOMCONTENTLOADED: 1.31 S
- LOAD: 1.64S

### LOADING FIREFOX
- 17 REQUEST
- 912.27 KB TRANSFERRED 
- 832.45 KB RESOURCES
- FINISH: 7.18 S
- DOMCONTENTLOADED: 1.44MS
- LOAD: 1.88S

Lighthouse audit 
First Contentful Paint
0.8 s
Speed Index
3.2 s
Time to Interactive
5.0 s
First Meaningful Paint
0.8 s
First CPU Idle
4.8 s
Max Potential First Input Delay
130 ms
